Navigation restructuring (#403)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/get-data.md

---
title: "Get data"
description: "Learn how to manage companies, their connections, and their data via API"
---

Once you've create a company, you can start retrieving data.

## Pulling data

Once company is onboarded, you can start retrieving their financial data.

### Queue a new data sync (Optional)

If there are datasets which are not as up-to-date as you require, you can queue a data sync as described [here](/using-the-api/queueing-data-syncs).

Once you've queued the sync, you can poll the [GET /companies/{companyId}/dataStatus](/codat-api#/operations/get-company-data-status) endpoint (as described above) to [monitor progress of the sync](/core-concepts/status).

:::note Configuring the sync schedule

You can configure a sync schedule in the Codat portal to keep each data type at an acceptable freshness. For more information, please refer to your onboarding docs or contact [support@codat.io](mailto:support@codat.io).
:::

## Request a specific data type

> Codat exposes endpoints for easily querying each of the supported data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Codat exposes endpoints that enable you to easily querying each of the supported data types.
```
